knows let's do it though still come on
hi youtube we late I would just be
honest
we're just here checking in just giving
you a little update about us
really like we're at three years now in
a couple of days not three years it
isn't that bad three years has it hasn't
been through youth we're at three years
now you know what is reached three years
this past November we reached three
years at the beginning of this summer so
yeah
nothing much has really changed long is
right now the only oil we're using is
coconut oil but I really use it much of
anything else still using the dr.
Bronner's
right now we're using the rose one which
I kind of like more than all the other
ones so yeah yes
yeah I really reads whistling anything
still retwisting with ecostyler olive
oil jail sometimes not really often
though I use that Hill maybe like once
every two months if that I've been doing
mostly palm rolling with coconut oil
which is the only thing I'm really using
pretty much the same with dairies is
here I mean man you don't be using that
man yeah
so this is just you know showing you how
long this be where we yet well right
I'll take that down to show you where
Shawn with that dang look like what is
later recorder you were taking the bell
right now where I'm see you guys here
talking about this movie we got deal
with take it down your where else you
got girls dead take this down you don't
get it back up later
and now for this video I'm not going to
rerecord this take it down right now
okay let's go hey why are you doing this
why are you doing this actual you are
wasting time yeah you're wasting time
yes it's an update I told you to
preserve date hey what we do an update
what do we do
we don't always tell me oh man we don't
always elite channel we don't always
obey check check all our videos we don't
always do LinkedIn
you see I've been doing this new thing
where I've been doing a pre-poo before I
watch and I kind of really like it I
could definitely tell that there's been
some girls just within like the past two
months that I've been doing it I will do
a video over then to show you like what
I use I just fell overnight
don't make them promises because you
okay okay let's do it
now first okay yeah we're gonna do this
like that
no and now we're gonna do length check
come in you first pathologies I'm taking
about millimeters darling dear you are
taking it down right now
we are in this camera we are in front of
it you are going to do this today you're
gonna do it this very second right now
let's go why are you always rational
just because the cameras on somebody get
up maternity off turn it off the turn it
off no you guys know this for your
people know so go ahead and do it our
people I said I'll do my fighting it's
not going then put it up today Reagan
I'm not playing with you do it today
yeah wasn't it - no you're gonna do it
right now no he said I don't even know
how you have this set up too close
that's why we should both do it later
doing a friend of that wall sure that
would be like a separate thing a
separate thing yeah good you never do
that that expert video hangout more I
got a lot of black teeth so you Casey
so yeah this is all that shit I don't
get a no this shit in there so here we
go with the leg trick
no that ain't it it's done now we got to
do our exits good trick so that was her
hair and that's what it looks like now
you acting like we did some glamorous
all right
shut up you better stop talking crazy
like that is three years we supposed to
do something special we knew nothing
special whoops we're gonna do this
special have a birthday party for out
here what are we going to do that
special we are we going to do that
special that's not sure did I get that
up here I hope you didn't how you been
so that's all YouTube that's not all I
feel like we owe you more I wanna give
you some pinche with another video
sometime soon see that's not a good
promise cuz we always say that Mike no I
feel I know I feel bad about that no
love you
love y'all